c:\users\myaccount\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SrtGenerator\SrtGenerator\bin\Debug\SrtGenerator.exe
c:\users\myaccount\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SrtGenerator\SrtGenerator\bin\Debug\SrtGenerator.pdb
c:\users\myaccount\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SrtGenerator\SrtGenerator\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
c:\users\myaccount\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SrtGenerator\SrtGenerator\bin\Debug\NPOI.dll
c:\users\myaccount\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SrtGenerator\SrtGenerator\bin\Debug\NPOI.OOXML.dll
c:\users\myaccount\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SrtGenerator\SrtGenerator\bin\Debug\NPOI.OpenXml4Net.dll
c:\users\myaccount\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SrtGenerator\SrtGenerator\bin\Debug\NPOI.OpenXmlFormats.dll
c:\users\myaccount\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SrtGenerator\SrtGenerator\bin\Debug\NPOI.xml
c:\users\myaccount\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SrtGenerator\SrtGenerator\bin\Debug\NPOI.OOXML.xml
c:\users\myaccount\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SrtGenerator\SrtGenerator\bin\Debug\NPOI.OpenXml4Net.xml
c:\users\myaccount\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SrtGenerator\SrtGenerator\obj\Debug\SrtGenerator.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\myaccount\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SrtGenerator\SrtGenerator\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\myaccount\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SrtGenerator\SrtGenerator\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\myaccount\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SrtGenerator\SrtGenerator\obj\Debug\SrtGenerator_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\myaccount\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SrtGenerator\SrtGenerator\obj\Debug\SrtGenerator_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\myaccount\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SrtGenerator\SrtGenerator\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\myaccount\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SrtGenerator\SrtGenerator\obj\Debug\SrtGenerator.g.resources
c:\users\myaccount\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SrtGenerator\SrtGenerator\obj\Debug\SrtGenerator.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\myaccount\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SrtGenerator\SrtGenerator\obj\Debug\SrtGenerator.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\myaccount\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SrtGenerator\SrtGenerator\obj\Debug\SrtGenerator.exe
c:\users\myaccount\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SrtGenerator\SrtGenerator\obj\Debug\SrtGenerator.pdb
